Add changelog entry for ``dask-expr`` switch (#10704)
dask/dask: docs/source/changelog.rst

Highlights
^^^^^^^^^^

> Logical Query Planning now available for Dask DataFrames

Author: Hm I'd like to keep the now available

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Dask DataFrames now make a logical query planning layer available that makes queries
> more efficient. This feature is currently optionally available and requires an explicit opt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dask DataFrames are now much more performant by using a logical query planner.
This feature is currently optionally available and requires an explicit opt
```

> more efficient. This feature is currently optionally available and requires an explicit opt
> in by users. Set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more efficient. This feature is currently off by default, but can be turned on with:
```

```
dask.config.set({"dataframe.query-planning": True})

> ```

Reviewer: We should switch to sphinx syntax for this code block

Author: done

> to activate it. Additionally, you have to install ``dask-expr`` with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to have ``dask-expr`` installed:
```

```
pip install dask-expr

> ```

Reviewer: And this one too

Author: same

> to get access to the implementation. This feature is still under active development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is still under active development
```

> to get access to the implementation. This feature is still under active development

Reviewer: Not a bid deal, but I'd switch the ordering here to say "We've seen promising performance improvements... The features is still under active development..."

Author: sure

> and the API isn't stable yet, so breaking changes can occur. We have seen promising

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the `API <https://github.com/dask-contrib/dask-expr#api-coverage>`_ isn't stable yet, so breaking changes can occur. We have seen promising
```

performance improvements so far, see
`this blog post <https://blog.coiled.io/blog/dask-expr-tpch-dask.html>`_

> and `our benchmarks <https://tpch.coiled.io>`_  for more information. The benchmarks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `these benchmarks <https://tpch.coiled.io>`_  for more information. The benchmarks
```

> are updated regularly as we enable more improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are updated regularly as improvements are made.
```

A more detailed explanation of how the query optimizer works can be found in

> `our introduction post <https://blog.coiled.io/blog/dask-expr-introduction.html>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`this blogpost <https://blog.coiled.io/blog/dask-expr-introduction.html>`_.
```

Author: sphinx will complain about using this twice, that's why I switched

Reviewer: Ah, I see. You can use a trailing double underscore in that case to make the hyperlink anonymous (sphinx won't complain in that case)

```
`some text <https://some.link>`__
```

I just pushed a small commit that does this and a couple of other minor edits (hope that's okay)

> The current API coverage can be found
> `here <https://github.com/dask-contrib/dask-expr#api-coverage>`_. We will add more
> documentation over the next few weeks.
> 

Reviewer: Removing in favor of a link above

```suggestion
```

We expect to make the query optimizer the default early next year.

> 

Reviewer: Can you link to the relevant PR(s) / authors like is done in other changelog entries (for example here https://docs.dask.org/en/stable/changelog.html#pipinstall-restart-and-environment-variables)
